src_root = E:/Data/MyData
dst_root = E:/Data/MyDataAnonTestDst
skip_derived = true
remove_patient_name = true
remove_patient_id = true
remove_patient_birth_date = true
remove_patient_birth_time = true
remove_patient_birth_name = true
remove_patient_sex = true
remove_patient_age = true
remove_patient_weight = true
remove_patient_address = true
remove_other_patient_ids = true
remove_other_patient_names = true
remove_manufacturer = true
remove_manufacturer_model_name = true
remove_institution_name = true
remove_institution_address = true
remove_institutional_department_name = true
remove_referring_physician_name = true
remove_operator_name = true
remove_station_name = true